we've been planning our 11th Apollo
mission to the moon in ten days time we
still don't have a
do you know what happens if the Russians
happen to make it to the moon first
we're gonna wind up looking like a bunch
of dicks so here's the plan
meet with Cooper convincingly you know
film a pretend moon landing try not to
everything out all the time sir
okay
huh as I sit you on the phone we have a
proposal for mr. Kubik oh there's a
considerable amount of money in this
project we've got you sitting there for
five minutes and pretend to be Stanley
Kubrick we decided that there's only one
man in the world that could pull this
off and that man is
[Music]
and Kubrick has made a Rev is it to
continental Europe
[Applause]
nice shirt
hey there huh do you really want to go
back to your Boston telling me you don't
have standing to bring and you don't
have the money we must be the only hope
you've got
now is we're not a sin we wants
to know if you'll be interested in
making a film will news in seven days
[Music]
see is is a food director
what if we doubled your money do you
think I'm a I'm an artist
[Music]
[Applause]
us it is the best thing for headaches
I'm CIA trained my mind is too strong
for that
CIA